refactor(searchbar): set inputmode default to undefined (#20080)
ionic-team/ionic: core/src/components/searchbar/readme.md

A Searchbar should be used instead of an input to search lists. A clear button is displayed upon entering input in the searchbar's text field. Clicking on the clear button will erase the text field and the input will remain focused. A cancel button can be enabled which will clear the input and lose the focus upon click.

### Keyboard Display

#### Android

> By default, tapping `ion-searchbar` will cause the keyboard to appear with a magnifying glass icon on the submit button. You can optionally set the `inputmode` property to `"search"`, which will change the icon from a magnifying glass to a carriage return.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, tapping the input will cause the keyboard to appear with a magnifying glass icon on the submit button. You can optionally set the `inputmode` property to `"search"`, which will change the icon from a magnifying glass to a carriage return.
```

Sorry, last change, I think it makes more sense to talk about tapping the input itself since the searchbar can include the side buttons (cancel, clear)

#### iOS

> By default, tapping `ion-searchbar` will cause the keyboard to appear with the text "return" on a gray submit button. You can optionally set the `inputmode` property to `"search"`, which will change the text from "return" to "go", and change the button color from gray to blue. Alternatively, you can wrap the `ion-searchbar` in a `form` element with an `action` property. This will cause the keyboard to appear with a blue submit button that says "search".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, tapping the input will cause the keyboard to appear with the text "return" on a gray submit button. You can optionally set the `inputmode` property to `"search"`, which will change the text from "return" to "go", and change the button color from gray to blue. Alternatively, you can wrap the `ion-searchbar` in a `form` element with an `action` property. This will cause the keyboard to appear with a blue submit button that says "search".
```
